Dear Decision maker , We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing info ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 , Section 309 . THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 10 months ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger & people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
& decrease perceived waiting time by 200% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson 
of Arizona tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states . You have 
no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Decision maker , 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 2 
; Section 308 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 88 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
who resides in Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . 